📖 Add tutorial on how to use feature branches (#1)
atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines: README.md

unless it is a **bugfix** for a specific issue discovered on `beta` or `master`.

Please be sensitive about creating such fixes, though.
They should only ever be made for issues that can be considered critical (i.e. prevent the user from using the product).

**Features and non-critical bugfixes must never be merged directly to beta or master!**

## Features spanning multiple repositories

Given the number of npm repositories we employ, it is very likely that your features will span multiple packages.

To make this as easy as possible, we make extensive use of [npm dist-tags](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/dist-tag).

### Setting feature branch versions

Let's assume you want to add something to the [RuntimeDomain.Contract](https://github.com/atlas-engine/RuntimeDomain.Contracts)
and that these additions are meant for the [`PersistenceAPI's Service Layer`](https://github.com/atlas-engine/RuntimeDomain.PersistenceApi/tree/develop/persistence.services).

Since the contracts are published to a different npm repository than the `Persistence API service`,
you'd have to find a way to integrate your version of the contracts package into the service.

> This is where the `dist-tag` feature comes in.

Reviewer: Kannst du "dist tag feature" auf irgendeine Erklärbär-Seite zu dist-tags bspw. von npm verlinken, so dass man sich "erarbeiten" kann, was das ist, aber nicht selber googlen muss?

Author: Weiter oben ist ein Link beim ersten Vorkommen des Wortes `dist-tags`.

Siehe:
https://github.com/atlas-engine/ContributionGuidelines/pull/1/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R63

Ich kann das hier aber auch gerne nochmal verlinken.

Author: ```suggestion
This is where the [dist-tags](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/dist-tag) come in.
```
